Add ssh-persistent-sessions.md to document how to achieve a persistent session with ssh (#17)
ami-iit/ami-commons: doc/ssh-persistent-sessions.md

Luckily, this is a longstanding problem that was solved long time ago by tools like [`tmux`](https://github.com/tmux/tmux/wiki). Beyond other useful features it provides a persistent session.

Furthermore there is exist a tool that wrap and extends `tmux` and `screen`, called [`byobu`](https://www.byobu.org/). 

This page provides pointers on the use of [`tmux`](#tmux) and [`byobu`](#byobu).

## tmux

Official documentation:
- https://github.com/tmux/tmux/wiki/Getting-Started

Useful tutorials:
- https://www.hamvocke.com/blog/a-quick-and-easy-guide-to-tmux/
- http://tmuxcheatsheet.com/
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzNmUNvnB04&t=175s

### Tricks

#### Copy text from a tmux session

Tmux has a very particular way to handle splits (terminals part of the view). Mouse, keyboard, and scrollback buffers are treated in a way that could make most of new users puzzled.

Pasting content from the clipboard of the local machine should work OOTB, though copying text from the remote machine does not work.

> The trick is to press `Shift` while using the mouse to select the text to copy. This operation disables the mouse supports and gives back copy capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup
1. First enable mouse support `echo "set -g mouse on" >> $HOME/.tmux.conf`
1. Then, while in a tmux session press `Shift` while using the mouse to select the text to copy. This operation disables the mouse supports and gives back copy capability.

Alternatively, you can use the `tmux` command `copy-mode`: `Ctrl+b` `Ctrl+[` to enter copy mode, then use the arrow keys to move around and select text. Press `Enter` to copy the selected text to the clipboard.

### Setup
1. First enable mouse support `echo "set -g mouse on" >> $HOME/.tmux.conf`
1. Then, while in a tmux session press `Shift` while using the mouse to select the text to copy. This operation disables the mouse supports and gives back copy capability.

Alternatively, you can use the `tmux` command `copy-mode`: `Ctrl+b` `Ctrl+[` to enter copy mode, then use the arrow keys to move around and select text. Press `Enter` to copy the selected text to the clipboard.

### Usage

```

Can we make this more explicit, so it easier to find for new users? 
It doesn't allow me to put one more code snippet after `### Usage` in suggestion so I'll paste it below:

```bash
# Check existing sessions
tmux ls

# Create a new named session
tmux new -s <name>

# Detach from a session
# Press Ctrl+b d

# List existing sessions
tmux ls

# Delete a session
tmux kill-session -t <name>

# Reconnect to an existing session
tmux attach -t <name>
```

Author: Done : https://github.com/ami-iit/ami-commons/commit/aa4f155d6dae74260890325552c5cfb288d802be .

## byobu

> For an exhaustive tutorial, refer to the [official documentation](https://www.byobu.org/documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can use `byobu` to wrap `tmux` and `screen` and provide a more user-friendly interface.

For an exhaustive tutorial, refer to the [official documentation](https://www.byobu.org/documentation).
```
As Byobu is not strictly necessary for the main objective of achieving a persistent session in SSH, can we make it more clear that it is as an optional requirement?

1. First enable mouse support `echo "set -g mouse on" >> $HOME/.tmux.conf`
1. Then, while in a tmux session press `Shift` while using the mouse to select the text to copy. This operation disables the mouse supports and gives back copy capability.

Alternatively, you can use the `tmux` command `copy-mode`: `Ctrl+B [` to enter copy mode, then use the arrow keys to move around and select text by first pressing `Ctrl + spacebar`. Press `Ctrl + w` to copy the selected text to the clipboard and paste it in another `tmux` session using `Ctrl + ]`. In order to copy the context to Linux clipboard, `xclip` will be required, please refer to the [official documentation](http://man.openbsd.org/OpenBSD-current/man1/tmux.1) or the [`tmux` wiki](https://github.com/tmux/tmux/wiki/).

### Usage

~~~
# Check existing sessions
tmux ls

# Create a new named session
tmux new -s <name>

# Detach from a session
# Press Ctrl+B D

# Delete a session
tmux kill-session -t <name>

# Reconnect to an existing session
tmux attach -t <name>

> ~~~

Reviewer: Probably I'm missing something, is there a reason for the `~~~` instead of the code snippet?

Author: The other is copy pasted. Let me harmonize the file.

Reviewer: Okay, thanks a lot
